Update PR Template for LTS Check (#26756)
Azure/azure-powershell: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

  - [ ] [Engineering build](../blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#target-release-types)
  - [ ] No need for a release

> - [ ] **This needs to be added to LTS version!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **check this box if this pull request contains fixes for LTS version**
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should discuss more about how to notify PR authors in a better way.
 
Simply adding like this may not function as expected. Authors may not understand what is LTS.

> - [ ] **Check this box if this pull request contains fixes for LTS version!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] [LTS version](../blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#target-release-types).
```
